And then now that we are receiving our users as well as our tweets,
if you come and look at the final version of our app,
the way that we are keeping track of the authenticated user,
if you look at our state, is we just have this property right here.
We're not going to implement actual authentication but as a way to mark it again,
what we're going to do is we're going to stick the authed user on,
the state of our Redux store so that way whenever we
like a tweet or whenever we make a new tweet,
we will know who the authenticated user is.
This authed user can be anyone of these three options.
If you look at our data, it can be Sarah Edo,
me or Dan Abramov.
You can pick whoever you want.
But now, what we're going to do is we will come up here and create
just a constants of the authed ID and then now,
inside of here, what we want to do is dispatch,
setting the authed ID as a property on our Redux store.
Again, we're not going to set up the reducer in this video but
it will be nice to have the action all finished.
What we will do is let's create a set authed user action type up here,
and then we want to export our set authed user action creator.
This is going to take in the ID of
the authenticated user and then we will say set authed user,
pass along the ID and then now inside of shared dot JS,
what we want to do is import that action creator from actions slash authed user.
Then, down here, when we receive our users and we receive our tweets,
what we also want to dispatch is set authed user passing in authed ID,
which we have just hard coded again to avoid worrying about authentication.
Now that we have all of our action creator setup and we are dispatching them,
the next thing we need to do is actually set up the reducers to
modify our state based on these actions.